---
title: Your New Diet and You
author: Shiny
---

# Your New Diet And You  
By [Jane Doe](/characters/jane-doe)

Aside from the obvious physical changes, one of the biggest changes to your new
life as an Anthro is your new diet. Humans are fairly unique in their incredibly
varied diets, and your transformation might have left you with a taste for
completely different things than you are used to. 

If you were like me and happened to become an herbivore, it’s time to say
goodbye to meat. As good as it might smell, (or not! Some herbivores develop an
aversion to the smell after transformation.) your digestive tract works
differently now. Meat is likely to make you sick. The occasional treat is fine
for some species but not for others. Do your research. Deer are known to be
opportunistic meat eaters, so I can still enjoy the occasional cheeseburger, but
others might not be so lucky. (Well, I can somewhat enjoy them. My girlfriend
turning into a cow has made things *slightly* awkward.)

If you became a carnivore, your diet be made up of mostly, you guessed it! Meat!
You want lots of fat and protein. Many carnivores are unable to digest carbs or
plant material correctly so you might want to keep your consumption to a
minimum. Please do your research.

Omnivores, consider yourselves lucky. You’ll the the ones making then least
alterations to your diet, save for cutting out anything that is toxic to the
species you happened to become. You’ll want to start introducing the natural
foods of your species, but depending on your specific Anthro type this varies in
feasibility.

I’m gonna keep hammering this point in: Do. Your. Research. You don’t want to
find out the hard way that your favorite food is now poisonous to you. We don’t
exactly have many doctors who work with Anthros yet. If I listed out the dietary
restrictions for every single species we’d be here all day. Be smart. You’ll be
the healthiest if you start adapting to eating the natural diet of your species,
but let’s face it: you probably don’t want to give up all your favorite snacks.
As long as you consume them sparingly you should be fine. 
